>> I NOTICE YOUR COFFEE FILTER
IS ALREADY WET.
>> YEAH, I LIKE TO PRE-WET MY
FILTERS TO TAKE AWAY THE PAPERY
TASTE.
IT ALSO HELPS TO PREHEAT THE
CONE SINCE IT'S CERAMIC AND COLD
AND HELPS TO PREHEAT THE CARAFE,
TOO.
YOU'RE GOING TO BREW HOT COFFEE
INTO SOMETHING THAT'S ALREADY
PREHEATED AND WARM.
>> SHOW ME HOW YOU DO IT.
>> I ALWAYS GRIND MY COFFEE
FRESH.
>> WHOLE BEAN COFFEE, GRIND IT
AT HOME.
>> ABSOLUTELY.
I LIKE TO WEIGH OUT MY GROUND
COFFEE.
THE STANDARD RECIPE IS 1.5 TO 2
GRAMS PER OUNCE.
>> NOW, AT HOME, WOULD WE REALLY
DO THIS OR WOULD WE EYEBALL HOW
MUCH TO PUT IN THE COFFEE FILTER
AND POUR AND HOW DANGEROUS IS
THAT FOR RUINING OUR CUP OF
COFFEE?
>> YOU'RE NOT GOING TO RUIN YOUR
CUP OF COFFEE.
I TYPICALLY RECOMMEND A
TABLESPOON PER CUP AND A BREW
TIME OF TWO MINUTES.
>> WATER IS HOT.
>> JUST OFF BOIL.
MY WATER TEMPERATURE SHOULD BE
BETWEEN 195 AND 205.
>> THAT SOUNDS REASONABLE.
WE CAN DO THAT AT HOME.
>> NOT TOO COOL.
NOT SCALDING HOT EITHER.
>> WHY NOT FILL THE FILTER AND
LET IT PERCOLATE DOWN.
>> THERE'S A LOT OF FRESH GASES
INSIDE OF THIS COFFEE.
IT WAS JUST ROASTED YESTERDAY.
COFFEE NATURALLY HAS A LOT OF
GASES.
ESPECIALLY AFTER THAT DYNAMIC
ROASTING PROCESS, WHEN YOU BEGIN
TO BREW THE COFFEE, YOU'LL
NOTICE THAT BLOOM HAPPEN.
IT'S BEST TO FIND A COFFEE THAT
WILL HAVE A ROAST DATE ON THE
BAG SO YOU KNOW WHEN THE
COFFEE'S ROASTED.
THE CLOSER YOU CAN GET TO THE
ROAST DATE THE BETTER TO REALLY
ENSURE THAT FRESHNESS.
>> IF YOU'RE A COFFEE PERSON,
YOU'RE WILLING TO GO THROUGH ALL
OF THIS WORK FOR THIS ONE CUP OF
COFFEE.
>> YEAH, ABSOLUTELY.
THIS IS THE FINAL STEP IN THE
CHAIN.
THIS IS ARGUABLY ONE OF THE MORE
IMPORTANT PARTS.
YOU CAN HAVE A FABULOUS, AMAZING
COFFEE THAT THE FARMER RAISED
AND TOOK CARE OF AND HERE AT THE
ROASTERY THEY ROASTED WELL, BUT
IF I DON'T BREW IT PROPERLY, I
CAN REALLY DESTROY EVERYTHING
THAT HAPPENED BEFORE THAT, SO --
>> YOU MAKE ME FEEL REALLY LAZY
ABOUT MAKING COFFEE.
>> I THINK THE MORE YOU GET INTO
COFFEE, JUST LIKE ANY FOOD, YOU
GET INTO PREPARING FOODS.
IF YOU GRILL AT HOME, YOU KNOW,
YOU REALLY ENJOY WORKING WITH
THE COALS AND UNDERSTANDING YOUR
FOOD.
COFFEE'S THE SAME WAY.
IT JUST KIND OF BECOMES A LITTLE
BIT OF A PASSION PROJECT, AND
IT'S A LOT OF FUN.